README.md, before:

# TypeScript Kata Template

## To install dependencies

```
yarn
```

## To run all tests

```
yarn test
```

## To run all tests each time you save a change

```
yarn test --watchAll
```

## To compile for codewars

_Some_ codewars katas support typescript. Others only support JS submissions.

Here's how to compile one stand-alone .ts file into .js for the latter type of kata.

You will first need to alter `make-js-for-one` in package.json to refer to the file you want compiled.

then:

```
yarn make-js-for-one
```

your output .js will be generated into a new folder `generatedJS`.

⚠️ Delete this folder when you're done to avoid confusion!

### alternatively, use `tsc` directly

You don't need to use the make-js-for-one convenience command. Instead:

```
yarn tsc src/myGreatFile.ts --outDir generatedJS
```

but you might get tired of typing that!

## license

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-nd/4.0/88x31.png" /></a>

> This is part of Academy's technical curriculum for **The Mark**. All parts of that curriculum, including this project, are licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License</a>

Commit message:

Add a debug launcher for a new main.ts

README.md, after:

# TypeScript Kata Template

## To install dependencies

```
yarn
```

## To run all tests

```
yarn test
```

## To run all tests each time you save a change

```
yarn test --watchAll
```

## To type-check and lint (in vscode)

ctrl-shift-b (or on mac, cmd-shift-b)

## Debug in vscode

Call the function you want to debug from `src/main.ts`

Add a breakpoint in your function by clicking to the left of the relevant line number.

Open the "run and debug" panel

From the top choose "Debug main.ts"

That's it, the debugger should launch and pause when your first breakpoint is encountered.

This will compile your code before running, and will show you the typescript source even though in reality the debugger is stepping through the relevant compiled javascript. It is able to do this because tsconfig specifies `sourceMap: true` and an `ourDir` location.

If you're curious you can see the specific details in `./vscode/launch.json`

## To compile for codewars

_Some_ codewars katas support typescript. Others only support JS submissions.

Here's how to compile one stand-alone .ts file into .js for the latter type of kata.

You will first need to alter `make-js-for-one` in package.json to refer to the file you want compiled.

then:

```
yarn make-js-for-one
```

your output .js will be generated into a new folder `generatedJS`.

⚠️ Delete this folder when you're done to avoid confusion!

### alternatively, use `tsc` directly

You don't need to use the make-js-for-one convenience command. Instead:

```
yarn tsc src/myGreatFile.ts --outDir generatedJS
```

but you might get tired of typing that!

## license

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-nd/4.0/88x31.png" /></a>

> This is part of Academy's technical curriculum for **The Mark**. All parts of that curriculum, including this project, are licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License</a>
